# Welcome to SPOT

This testbed is used by researchers to investigate robotics, control and computer vision technologies enabling spacecraft proximity operation tasks, such as inspection maneuvers, rendezvous and docking, robotic capture of a tumbling target, and on-orbit assembly of large structure. SPOT consists of two air-bearing spacecraft platforms operating in close proximity on a granite surface. The use of air bearing on the platforms reduces the friction to a negligible level. Both platforms are actuated by compressed air expelled through small air nozzles, to provide three degree-of-freedom (3DOF) control authority. One platform contains a reaction wheel. The motion of both platforms is measured in real-time through LEDs which are tracked by a motion capture system. This provides highly accurate ground truth position and attitude data to evaluate the performance of the new robotics, control, and computer vision technologies.

This repository contains the software developed for SPOT. The software is a mix of Simulink code (making use of existing code that allows us to deploy the Simulink diagrams to an NVIDIA Jetson Xavier NX Development board), and custom device driver blocks written in C++ code. It's been designed to be user-friendly, but is a constant work in progress. This repository also contains a detailed Wiki on the entire laboratory in an attempt to help guide new users. New users should read this Wiki carefully and watch any related videos before conducting an experiment. On the `Home` page of the Wiki, users shoudl start by reviewing the `Getting Started` section.
